We've now got our custom new ticket listener put together along with the base class of listener.
At this point, there's something I really want to clarify very quickly.
We have our base class of listener and a ticket created listener.
The idea here is that we're going to define this listener class inside of our common module.
Well, then import this into our different services we're going to eventually create.
Then inside of each of our services, that is where we are going to actually subclass listener and create
some custom listener that's going to work specifically for, say, the payment service or say the ticket
service or whatever other service we are creating.
So listener is just a blueprint.
It is a guide on how to create a listener.
We're going to actually implement these things with very custom logic inside of each of our services.
All right.
So with that out of the way, next thing I want to do, when we take a look at our listener file, there's
a lot of code inside of here right now and it's really hard to figure out what is going on.
Let's try redistributing some of the code into a couple of different files inside this project directory
just to make all this stuff a little bit easier to understand.
So inside the CRC folder, I'm going to first begin by creating a new folder called Events.
Inside, they are going to make a new file called Base Listener TS.
I would normally not use the name of base listener for this listener class we just put together, but
we already have a file called Listener inside of our project.
So rather than calling it listener and having two listener files, which would be really confusing,
let's just give it a name of base listener.
I'll then go back over to the listener file.
I'm going to find the abstract class of listener.
I'm going to cut that entire thing.
And then I'll paste it into base listener.
We then need to add some imports at the top.
We're going to get message and stan from node nets streaming.
And I'll make sure that I also export that class.
Now let's try to also extract this ticket created listener.
So inside the events directory as well, I'll make a new file called Ticket Created Listener.
I'm going to go and find the ticket created listener itself.
I'm going to cut it.
And then paste it into that new file.
And then again, we do have to add in some imports at the top or listener.
From Listener.
And let's also get message from node nats streaming.
I'll then make sure that I export the class itself.
Now, finally back inside of the listener file, we have to make sure that we import ticket.
Create a listener at the top.
So I will import ticket created.
Listener from events ticket created listener.
I can then also clean up the imports up here for message and Stan.
Schultz looks good.
All right.
If I go back over to my terminal, I should be able to confirm that everything is still working.
Yep, it's still running.
And if I publish an event, I see it appear in one of these terminal windows.
Very good.
So just a little bit of code.
Clean up.
Quick pause right here.
Continue in just a minute.